"Love is All"
"Episode 12"
"Zheng Shao Feng
cooks and sends flowers for love"
Xiao Liu.
If you finish another cane frog,
you would be as slim as Cong Shun.
-My stomach hurts.
-It's been a long day. brothers.
You got away this time.
You sound like you want me
to get food poisoning.
No, I am just thirsty.
I need some water.
Here, I brought some water.
That's more like it.
What is this? It tastes sour!
This is the chrysanthemum herbal tea
Preceptor Tan prepared.
It helps to cool the inner heat,
it suits you just well.
Little Dragon! We are supposed to be
brothers in arms!
You promised to brave
through danger together.
Do you regret it now?
-Clear some space for me!
-It's not that bad!
-Hurry up!
-I can barely feel my leg.
-Thank you.
-Xiao Liu.
You've lost some weight.
It's good for them cleanse
their bodies sometimes.
I won't cook again.
That's more like it.
But you are still annoying as always.
All the Sang family's
servants are dead.
Why didn't you tell me?
Who told you that?
The family members came to
get the remaining pension.
I am the only person
who could still work.
Of course I would know.
I didn't tell you because
what's done is done,
I don't want you to
waste your tears for them.
What about the evidences?
We lost them.
What? Shouldn't you
be looking for them?
The evidence against Sang Jie
weren't very useful anyway.
It doesn't matter if they are lost.
But the witnesses we need are dead.
Our lead is completely cut off.
Have you conducted the autopsy?
Someone must have left some clue
on the body for us to find.
Maybe they are waiting for someone
to bring the murderer to justice.
That's how the story in novel goes.
Please come in!
Drink!
-Drink!
-Cheers!
Cheers!
Have a bite. Don't just drink!
-Cheers!
Why did she pass out?
-What is going on?
-Are you all right?
Boss! Miss Ru Yi passed out!
What is going on here?
She passed out.
What happened to her?
She was fine just now.
Is there something wrong with her?
Stop standing there, get us a doctor!
Make way!
Miss Ru Yi?
Has Miss Ru Yi...
shown any sign of illness
for the past few days?
She has been fine.
What do I do now?
They committed suicide
by consuming poison.
We even found a letter on a body.
It says...
the servants didn't want their master
to be criticized by the people.
Why would someone
defend a corrupted officer?
They were keeping their lips sealed.
It's almost impossible for them
to their own lives.
That clothing clearly doesn't
belong to him.
And look at his hands.
They looks don't look
like servant's hands.
The skin is so smooth
there is no sign of hard labour.
You've learnt much.
Do you think the owner
of that clothing is still alive?
I have a feeling he is.
So there is hope for us after all?
I found a new lead for the case.
Shouldn't I be rewarded?
I shall reward you...
a day with the corpses here.
What? I am coming with you.
-How much for the book?
-Just one book?
I haven't read this volume.
Come on, give me a discount.
I am regular here.
Listen to yourself.
No one bargains with a clinic.
A discount is better than having none.
Unbelievable.
Commissioner Zheng, take it.
Boil it with three bowls of water,
shimmer it for one hour.
-Come again.
-I want my discount!
I won't be here again!
-Doctor!
-Aren't you...
Why do you look so nervous?
No medicine can heal
your boss' broken heart.
You will find no cure here.
It's not my boos. Miss Ru Yi is sick.
She is sick?
Yes! She passed out.
I am here to get her a doctor.
Why didn't you say that earlier?
Doctor, come with me. Someone is ill.
-Hurry up!
-Hurry.
-Get moving.
-Don't be so hasty.
-Hurry up.
-Let's go.
Doctor, what is wrong with her?
This is odd.
Her pulse is unstable.
Her blood pressure is too low.
It's like she was poisoned,
yet the poison is not lethal.
That's all?
Hold on, we brought you here
to get her treated.
This is unlike anything
I've seen before.
Is there any sign of
irregularity with her lately?
Irregularity?
Bad temper, easily frustrated.
Sudden mood swing.
She doesn't smile or talk much,
she disappears from time to time.
I mean physical health.
Physical?
Why are you staring at me?
How should I know?
I thought you got what
you wanted with her.
Zhu Da Cong!
Miss Ru Yi is awake.
You are awake.
What are you doing in here?
You passed out
during a dance just now.
He is the doctor we brought.
Yes.
I don't need a doctor.
I need you to leave.
You need to get
treatment for your illness.
I bet this condition has been
bothering you for some time.
You find it hard to fall asleep.
And even in sleep,
you have nightmares.
You sometimes feel heart burn,
am I right?
None of your business.
This is my body.
I know what is going on.
Why didn't you tell us you are so ill?
I was born with this disorder.
It can't be cured.
You don't need to be worried.
I don't need you to take care of me.
That can't be right.
The doctor is here.
At least let him give
you some medication.
It might cure you somehow.
Leave.
-Miss Ru Yi.
-I want you to leave!
Since Miss Ru Yi insists,
perhaps we should leave.
I think she still needs some rest.
I shall leave first.
Well,
take care of yourself.
Here, drink with me.
Doctor.
Is she chronically ill?
It's not that it's hard to treat,
but I don't know the cure to it.
-Furthermore...
-Furthermore what?
Without some trials on the medication,
we could only use a small
dosage over a long time.
A single mistake...
could end her life.
It's that bad?
I must do something.
Since there is still hope for her,
we must figure something out.
Doctor, just give me the prescription.
Let me know if you need anything.
If you need human trial,
I can be your test subject.
But that is unethical.
You are perfectly fine, you can't
take medicine for no reason.
Just do as I say!
Listen closely.
This is the limited edition
from Miao Miao Sheng.
-Goodbye.
-It's price of one for two copies.
This is such a great deal.
Have a look around.
Where is my hairpin?
-Where is the hairpin?
-This is it.
It's right here. Right here.
Where is it?
What hairpin?
You know which hairpin it is.
Did you leave it
at the District Bureau?
I think so.
Miss Ling Yin, you barely
pay attention to appearance.
You don't even mind
being embarrassing.
Why are you so anxious
over a mere hairpin?
Well, the hairpin is...
It's quite expensive.
It's a shame to lose it.
Is this the picture?
Fine, carry on with the work.
I have to go now.
Look, she is actually Miao Miao Sheng.
What is that black stuff?
I am frying dates.
Miss Ru Yi has been having nightmares.
The herbs in sold at the shops
are all too old.
They aren't as effective,
so I am making a new batch.
She would have recovered
had you stopped bothering her.
Don't mock me.
Just make things right
with your Preceptor.
Let me ask you something.
What kind of gifts...
do the girls usually like?
For the Preceptor?
You can put it that way.
She found out one of the servants
might still be alive.
She is asking for a reward.
She keeps bothering me
so I need to do something.
Sure, keep making up your stories.
Just get a present for her.
This is not embarrassing.
Any progress on the investigation
of the mine?
Cong Shun is digging the site.
There is nothing much going.
So I am here to get some work done.
Do you even know what is work?
Cong Shun is almost
done with his task.
I want you to be there at once.
Why don't you trust our own people?
Which is why I hope
you wouldn't let me down.
It seems like I have no choice.
There is nothing I can do.
Master Tang, watch the stove for me.
Lower the heat after one minute.
Make sure the dates are charred,
then put out the fire.
And also,
you need to give her something
she is interested in or useful.
Is that clear?
Something she is interested in?
But this lady we have here...
is only interested in money.
I read it from Preceptor Tan's novel.
Flowers are given as a token of love.
But the flowers wither in a few days.
You can't even eat it.
Why would anyone send flowers?
What would you know?
The meaning is not the flower per Se.
It's whether the man you love
is willing to surprise you.
Surprise?
I think sweets are
much better as gifts.
Is eating the only thing
you care about?
Flowers are precious.
You can't water it too much.
When the sun is too bright,
you need to carry it inside.
Otherwise the petals will become dry.
Flower gets more love
than a human does.
Who does Master Tang love
these cumbersome things?
Because he is classy.
That's why he is in love
with Preceptor Tan.
We don't know for sure yet.
Not unless Master Tang says it.
Say what?
Master Tang.
We are talking about you relationship
with Preceptor Tan.
They are rumours you two
are dating each other.
But I know Master Tang
has his own plan for doing so.
But the rumours are true.
I knew it! See?
What do you even see in her?
She knows nothing
and always causes us trouble.
Keep gossiping about her...
then get ready to be sent home
to my mother.
Master Tang, I apologize.
Which of you said...
sending flowers is part
of the trick from her novel?
I said it.
According to the novel,
Flowers must be sent
as a token of love.
A girl could be waiting for
her lover to come home.
And the moment she turns around,
she is surprised to see...
her lover is right there for her...
with flowers in his hands
and a smile on his face.
Then he spreads his arms
wide open for a hug!
Look.
-I wish I could have this.
-Master Tang is so romantic.
-Look at the flowers.
-So romantic.
-It's so romantic.
-Look at the pattern.
It's been a busy week
for my lover.
I gave you my word
you would have a reward.
This is my gift for you.
Flowers!
What kind of gift is this?
No one sends Chrysanthemum to a girl!
What's wrong with the flower?
It symbolizes elegance.
It's far more precious
than the flowers in District Bureau.
Don't you see how beautiful
and special they are?
So pretty and unique indeed!
Now would you please
clean up this mess for me?
People might think
I am holding a funeral.
Tan Ling Yin.
Can't you see my effort?
I specially and personally...
-He is standing in the rain.
-Look!
Are they having an argument?
Why are they fighting?
They've only started dating days ago.
They are having a fight.
The District Bureau is in trouble.
Are these flowers for an apology?
What now?
Poor thing. Master Tang means well.
-Great!
-That's more like it.
They reconciled!
This is nice.
Great!
I'll be honest with you.
No flower in this world...
can match your beauty.
This is so sweet!
"Miao Sheng Parlour"
Miss Ru Yi.
Come, have a drink with me.
Who are you?
Supernumerary Sun ran away.
He will be back
to side with Tang Fei Long.
Our master wants you to
silence that man.
We had an agreement.
I am not his hitman.
Our master wants the man
to stay silent.
Come, have a drink!
Miss Ru Yi, you need to see this!
Commissioner Zheng chased us out...
just to make you lunch!
Commissioner Zheng.
What are you doing?
I am cooking.
Like the saying goes,
"To win a lady's heart,
you must first conquer her stomach."
Are you cooking the meat
or the chillies?
Well, I am not sure either.
Should I fry the meat first...
or the chillies?
Forget it, let me do it.
Miss Ru Yi, I...
Leave the rest to me.
I'll clean the kitchen.
It's all right.
There is a first time for everything.
If you don't want me to mess up,
just leave the cooking
to me next time.
Then we will both starve?
Here, for you.
This...
This is has panax tseng in it.
It can improve sleep quality.
Drink this before you sleep,
is that clear?
Don't bother getting me treated.
My sickness can't be cured.
I know I am dying.
This is delicious.
I will finish them all.
Don't choke yourself.
Silly.
All the bodies found
inside the mine...
have tattoo marking on them.
This is not improvised.
Zong Ying Lin must have planned this.
Now you are his pain in the neck.
He might used more
unscrupulous scheme on you.
Now Preceptor Tan is caught up
in this with you.
What was that sound?
You broke your own rules!
I am curious about the case.
Besides,
I am already in this mess.
I need to know
what danger I am facing.
Am I right, Commissioner Zheng?
Well, I am having stomachache.
I need to use the toilet.
I need to go now.
-You startled me.
-You are such a coward.
Right, as you said just now,
Zong Ying Lin is be responsible for
Supernumerary Sun's and their deaths?
It's just my hypothesis.
I don't have any evidence.
Are you after Sang Jie's gold as well?
Do I look like a greedy person to you?
What? They are all looking.
They are all dead.
What about the agreement?
Don't bring that up.
You broke the rules and
started investigating.
I knew you would have your
own agenda for taking part.
You are a pervert trying to
take advantage of me!
There is no advantage on you anyway.
I...
So why did you kiss me?
You closed your eyes first.
-What?
-Commissioner Zheng.
What are you looking at?
Sir, someone has invited you
to have a drink at Miao Sheng Parlour.
You should go now.
I am leaving too.
Sit.
Come inside.
Enjoy your tea.
You knew I was alive?
Your servants...
wasn't trying to keep it a secret.
Look.
This is a cheque for
5,000 taels of silver.
Please, accept my kind offer.
5,000 taels of silver?
The gold you mined from...
is worth thousands of times more.
I beg of you.
Stop investigating the mine.
-Please, stop the investigation.
-Stand up.
Sit.
All right, enough chatter.
Tell me where Sang Jie hid the gold.
I don't know.
You don't know?
What about the gold
we found under your manor?
That was merely a portion of
share he gave me.
If I knew the exact location
of the gold,
would I be on the run
wearing this rag?
Do you at least know who started
the mine at Tianmu Mountain?
When? Who? Where?
Sir, please stop questioning me.
I beg of you.
Let's put an end to the investigation.
Haven't you learnt your mistake?
What should I learn?
I've made is so direct,
don't you get what I mean?
What do you mean?
Give me the name of that man,
I will do everything
within my capability...
to keep you safe.
You will be protected.
What did you say?
Miss Ru Yi!
I've finally found you!
Zhao Lu is not feeling well today.
I need you to cover her shift.
Boss, I have other matter to tend to.
-I might not make it.
-You have to make it.
The customers are about
to start a mob.
I need your help,
otherwise they would tear
down the whole building.
Miss Ru Yi, please.
I must return to serve my customers.
You should get ready.
Sure.
Er Tong, serve the dishes!
Yes, Boss!
Er Tong.
Miss Ru Yi, how may I help you?
Is this meant for Master Tang?
Yes, what's the matter?
This egg soup seems different.
There are petals on it.
This is new on the menu.
It's not egg soup,
it's Peach Blossom Soup.
Where is the Boss?
He was just here for me.
The Boss?
I don't know.
It's all right.
I'll talk to him later.
It was me who found...
the gold mine at Tianmu Mountain.
But I had neither the power
or the resources.
No one would take charge of it.
So I joined hands with Sang Jie
to mine the gold.
He promised to give me
half of the yield.
But after the work was done,
he brushed me off with mere
3,000 taels of silver.
I was so frustrated.
So I made a move.
Be more specific, how did you do it?
I bribed his henchman.
He poisoned Sang Jie.
What poison was it?
Well...
It's something lethal.
Sir, Peach Blossom Soup.
Er Tong, you may leave now.
Do not come in without my permission.
Okay.
It's been a long day for you.
Have some soup.
Great. You have my thanks.
While you are eating,
tell me what poison was it.
Sir, it doesn't matter
what poison was used.
Most importantly,
I admitted my own crime.
I just want to survive.
Fine, if you won't tell me now,
you may let me know
when you are in prison.
Sir, have mercy on me.
Please spare me!
Sir!
Sir, have mercy on me.
He is dead.
Suicide?
What did you say to him?
I doubt this is a suicide.
He didn't have the guts.
The soup is poisoned.
A total of eleven person
were preparing this soup.
With all the staffs
and customers around,
the culprit could be anyone.
But I am curious.
I thought you love having dessert.
How did you manage
to resist this soup?
All thanks to Tan Ling Yin's
brain soup.
Trust me, even now,
the moment a image of...
something that resembles
brain tissues...
But if Preceptor Tan finds out...
that you dislike her cooking,
I am afraid...
If you even let her find out,
You will know the true meaning of...
fallout.
Before we have our falling out,
you and her might already
go on your separate ways.
The Capital.
Physician Yan that is treating
your condition is now in Tongling.
Your mother wants him
to give you some therapy.
He is already at the main hall.
If Preceptor does find out...
that you are actually Tang Tian Yuan,
do you think...
Investigate the source of that soup.
To have a Preceptor like yourself
right at his side,
it's such a blessing.
While Master Tang isn't here yet,
I need you ask about a person.
What is his name?
Tang Tian Yuan of the Capital.
Tang Tian Yuan?
-Do you know that man?
-Physician Yan.
Master Tang.
-Go on without me.
I need to catch up with Physician Yan.
Why? There is no shame
in getting treatment.
I just wanted to know
if you suffer from any illness.
I could also learn new recipes...
for medication from Physician Yan.
What illness could I have?
Right? Physician Yan?
Whether you have it or not,
it all depends on my diagnosis.
After all, you did...
I am hungry, prepare some food for me.
But he is still talking.
Go on, I am starving.
-But I am...
-Make me the soup from that day.
Just go.
Let me know later.
Master Tang.
This...
As of now,
I am using "Tang Fei Long"
as my alias.
She doesn't know I am Tang Tian Yuan.
I see it now.
I am glad you came in time.
If not, I might have
exposed your cover.
It would be terrible for me
to ruin your relationship.
But I will tell her my true identity
sooner or later.
For now, please keep this
a secret for me.
You can count on me.
But you must not give up on her.
There will be a banquet tonight.
Why don't you stay and join us?
So today would be my lucky day.
Come inside.
Why was Master Tang so nervous?
Xue Li.
Let me ask you something.
Is Master Tang...
suffering from a certain illness?
Master Tang told you?
No. I noticed the symptoms.
Just be honest with me,
is it true or not?
Yes. But Preceptor,
only you, Xiang Gua and I know.
Zheng Shao Feng knows too.
You can't let anyone else know.
I knew it!
That is why Zheng Shao Feng
knew all about...
the side effect of eating pig's brain.
His brother is in trouble.
Don't worry, you can leave it to me.
What should I leave to you?
Come, have a drink.
Master Tang.
He can't drink alcohol.
I will drink in his place.
-Cheers.
Commissioner Zheng.
Where is Preceptor Tan?
I know your worries.
Preceptor Tan is not around today.
Master Tang prepared
this dinner for you.
-Master Tang made them?
-Enjoy the meal!
Eat heartily.
The food looks delicious.
This looks nice.
Delicious.
Sir.
I specially made this for you.
The others aren't getting this.
-We don't get that food?
-We are not getting it?
No.
-Sir.
-This is great.
Preceptor Tan specially
prepared this for you.
You must finish it.
Maybe...
I should share this with you.
-No!
-I'll pass!
-Only you can have this.
Don't be paranoid.
The ingredients are all premium.
I will take care of you
should anything go wrong.
-That is so sweet.
-I'll try this out.
Try it out.
Not bad.
Not bad?
Is it really so delicious?
What are the ingredients?
I can't tell, it feels like...
this suits me well.
-It suits you well?
-Let us have a look.
Let us have a closer look.
I...
Don't eat it. You are not ill.
This...
This is walnut and lamb.
And deer antler!
What is it?
Eucommia barks, and Chinese yam!
But...
this black stuff,
what is it?
I have no idea.
That is barrenwort.
This herb is hard to
come by in Tongling.
This is a premium ingredient
to improve male potency!
So Master Tang has some issues.
Master Tang, you should have asked me.
-Wait.
-I have a recipe.
He is facing deficiency.
Stop making fun of him.
Hold on.
You two...
have already made it so far?
-No!
-I mean...
This is a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding?
That condition she said earlier,
I don't have that kind of illness.
-No?
-Master Tang.
Get the treatment if you are ill.
We are going through this together.
It's coming.
Wait! What is coming?
-Master Tang!
-Sir!
-We still have work to do.
-That's right.
Oh no, this is bad.
You got it all wrong, Preceptor Tan.
This is a misunderstanding.
Master Tang was suffering from...
difficulty with elimination.
What does that mean?
It means constipation.
Sir.
Physician Yan prepared this for you.
Don't worry, it will
improve your condition.
I am not cooking again.
From now on,
I will never let you step into
the kitchen again.
There is no outsider here.
Don't be so mushy with me.
Right.
That illness they talked about,
I don't have that.
Here, drink your medicine.
-How does it taste?
-Not bad.
Do you like it a lot?
Let me try it out.
-This tastes awful.
-Don't be so greedy.
Why would you drink a medicine?
You looked like
it's a delicious dessert.
I am not drinking it.
You can finish it on your own.
As my Preceptor,
you can't just give up halfway.
Fine, let me feed you.
You can't come here
wearing this uniform.
What if someone found out?
You told me this drug
will only make him lose his voice.
So why was Supernumerary Sun
killed by it?